hey this December night 8613 oh I have
kind of like a random pack opening day I
got this from ebay and it is a you give
Jake special edition see it has all
kinds of older packs plus a el material
Wildheart ultra rare it's kind of like
an ultra-secret card it's kind of neat
so yeah let's get this open hopefully
it's nothing me too much of a pain to
open all these little things I hate how
blister packs are you gonna paint open
see how there's the promo card which
great I already have two of them I think
yeah that's gonna be for trade let's try
get into the risk of the packs as each
one is different one spot and it's a
pain there's a mental energy there's
lost millenniums here is cybernetic
revolution so we have three texts I
guess I go with lost millennium and
cybernetic and then elemental energy so
yeah I like open it up to these older
packs they're kind of fun I'm material
spark man battery charger rumbard meant
MOA interceptor cannons azhake
self-destruct button as a rare lost
guardian grave lure cannula school
servants and in control for formation
that's our rear yeah not too bad I can't
like the artwork every night revolution
these are all a woman attacks to their
first edition to flourish just kissing
running and yes I just can't randomly
bought this off either I don't know if
they have any more or not all right
let's say desk croaking anoint sue
fusion recovery spectral win art maybe I
don't know add dimension wall Shan spy
steam gyroid I had a spiritual water art
08 I don't know if I promise that and
sweet sue see another rare which is
dimension wall this pretty cool card and
elemental energy come on Rallo
holla party all right let's see Oh Jim
magic w win catapult weed out from my
process area i'ma tear tempest awesome
that's actually a card I wanted ultra
yeah that's really cool looking i'm glad
i got a holo especially this one this is
one of the better ones if you actually
wanted this card not bad at all when we
possess asava i guess nano breaker
feather win and leg of uniform
necromancer's so yea though L material
tempest that's awesome that's worth it
right there see I anyway at least I know
if you guys want to see more special
edition openings I'm really glad I got
10 / 10 mins is really cool i love the
elemental heroes and yeah please
subscribe for more opening videos
there's a certain pack you guys want me
to open of course please tell me i think
everything's for trade except for
tempest because i want to keep it
because like i said i collect all
materials and yeah I think that's
everything please subscribe and please
like this video it helps me out helps me
know I'm doing a good job when you like
the videos or at so yeah thanks for
watching you guys ah I guys hope you
enjoyed my latest video be sure to hit
the subscribe button and the like button
if you enjoyed this video also be sure
to check out the links in the
description check out my facebook
twitter and website Cybercom thanks for
watching bye guys
you